Is he crazy?
This is Master Yun's famous work
Stop
I'll take this one.
It's him 10 million is not a decimal
Even if he loses this life, he can't take it out
Zi Rui, don't fool around
He is vain
Not worth your trust
I didn't expect him to be Gu Qianyi's younger brother
How do you know I didn't bring any money?
Could it be that you are clinging to some high branch?
I'm actually willing to lend you 10 million
I don't need to climb anyone at all
You didn't embezzle public funds on your back, did you?
You shut up
Land warfare is not this position
Sir, you have insufficient balance on this card
Damn, got the wrong card
Excessive little white face
Whether it's this painting or my sister
Neither deserves
No money in the card doesn't mean no cash
You can really pretend
I know what's in your heart
They need to force this kind of thing
I will do what I promise you
One thousand get ten million free and come to the scene of the Han Conference
Have you been staying with Mr. Lu for a long time now?
How can you imagine that you are the boss?
You have no idea how many people dream of success
Humph to be you
Forget it, I advise you not to be too presumptuous
Otherwise, I'll make you unable to even sit on the side pillars
It's not up to you.
Don't delay.
Admit that you have no money and will not drop the price.
My money has arrived.